So how is the platform
configured in order to achieve
this interaction? Internet of
Things technologies are often
thought of as a stack that
comprise of layers of
functionality. The edge layer.
Comprises of devices with
embedded micro computers
situated in the field.
Age devices maybe gateways that
allow for wireless or hardwired
communication with field devices
such as mobile phones.
Alternatively, edge devices,
maybe sensors, actuators, or
other sorts of field devices
that are able to communicate
directly via cabling on
Internet protocols.
Alas, sometimes referred to as
the fog accounts for the
computing of data from field
devices within private local
networks, and also network
switching that exposes devices
to the public.
A typical server layer.
With will provide an interface
that might allow connections
with multiple field devices.
Controllers can then
subscribe to the data
collected and stored in
databases.
Service makes pose an
application programming
interface or software
development tool kit that
can be used by complementary
client applications.
These client applications may
run in a web browser or natively
on the device operating system.
So how does this compare with
the design of the application
you are using now?
You have access to a client
web application at public
URL feedback dot Aiden
Parkinson dot XYZ.
When the client application is
loaded onto your web browser.
It sets up a websocket
connection with a broker that
allows the client application to
subscribe to an publish events
using a web browser.
This broker is provided
by a server.
When an impression is
published using the
application and encapsulated
Merck messages sent for our
network router to the broker.
A file be client provided by the
server has subscribed to the
topics that the enormous
feedback application publishes.
The message is received
afforded to 1/3 controller
called Logstash.
This adds metadata for
indexing and forwards to
Elasticsearch database.
Elasticsearch expose the rest
application programming
interface to Aparna client
application. This cabana
application can be used in a
web browser to explore the
data collected.
We will explain the differences
between the different types of
application programming
interfaces later in the course.